Update New Posit Environment Quick Start Guide.md (#145)
Public-Health-Scotland/technical-docs: Posit Infrastructure/New Posit Environment Quick Start Guide.md

![NIGHT session finished](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ef26b7f-cf91-4887-b43c-35691aff1cc0)

---
## 6. Configure Git

> Set your Git email and username by running the following commands in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your name and email to Git by running the following commands in the terminal:
```

git config --global user.email <your email address>

> git config --global user.name <your Github/Gitea username>

Reviewer: This isn't related to Gitea or GitHub, so it doesn't have to be a username. In fact, I believe it's preferable to use a complete, recognizable name instead.

This 'name' and 'email' would only be seen when viewing the git history locally. Once changes are pushed to Gitea or GitHub, the appropriate user account will be associated with those changes.

```suggestion
git config --global user.name <Your full name>
```

Author: @Moohan 

I see. I thought it had to match the Github account. That works for me
